README.md, before:

### Tower of Hanoi
Created with [three.js](https://threejs.org/), a Javascript library created by [mrdoob](https://github.com/mrdoob) to make using WebGL easier.

### User Stories
#### Must-haves:
1) I can move around and explore space surrounding the towers.
  W: forward
  A: backward
  S: turn right
  D: turn left
  Q: strafe left
  E: strafe right
  Space bar: move up and zoom out
  X: move down and zoom in

2) I can pick up and move the discs.
  * Only the one on top of a pile.
  * I can only move one at a time.

3) I can place a disc over the platform I want to put it on and if it is a legal move, it will snap into place. If the move is illegal, it will go back to where I got it from and tell me why the move didn't work.

#### Nice-to-haves:

4) The game tells me when I win.

5) I can see how many moves I've done and the minimum number of moves it takes to solve the puzzle.

6) Score calculated based on number of moves I did vs. minimum number of moves and the time elapsed to get from one platform to the other.

7) Floor fades into the distance.

8) Floor has texture (e.g. wooden platform around where the discs are, grass everywhere else).

9) Title "Tower Of Hanoi" hangs out above the game.

10) Loading screen.

11) Implement collision detection.


### Credits

[This Youtube playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCTVwBLCNozSGfxhCIiEH26tbJrQ2_Bw3) got me started. Without it, this project would have taken way longer.

Infinite thanks to [cabbibo](https://github.com/cabbibo) for their [ObjectControls project](https://github.com/cabbibo/ObjectControls), especially the [Drag and Drop](https://github.com/cabbibo/ObjectControls/blob/master/examples/drag.html) example. So useful.

Commit message:

adjusted lighting and added spotlight

README.md, after:

### Tower of Hanoi
Created with [three.js](https://threejs.org/), a Javascript library created by [mrdoob](https://github.com/mrdoob) to make using WebGL easier.

### User Stories
#### Must-haves:
1) I can move around and explore space surrounding the towers.
  W: forward
  A: backward
  S: turn right
  D: turn left
  Q: strafe left
  E: strafe right
  Space bar: move up and zoom out
  X: move down and zoom in

2) I can pick up and move the discs.
  * Only the one on top of a pile.
  * I can only move one at a time.

3) I can place a disc over the platform I want to put it on and if it is a legal move, it will snap into place. If the move is illegal, it will go back to where I got it from and tell me why the move didn't work.

4) I can see instructions that tell me:
  * How to move.
  * Rules for solving the puzzle.

#### Nice-to-haves:

5) Add spotlight to the target platform.
  * TODO: If stack is on left platform, switch spotlight to right. If stack is on right platform, switch spotlight to left.

6) TODO: I can see how many moves I've done and the minimum number of moves it takes to solve the puzzle.

7) TODO: Score calculated based on number of moves I did vs. minimum number of moves and the time elapsed to get from one platform to the other.

8) TODO: Floor fades into the distance.

9) TODO: Floor has texture (e.g. wooden platform around where the discs are, grass everywhere else).

10) TODO: Loading screen.

11) TODO: Implement collision detection and physics (make discs actually drop-able and if they don't fall on top of the stack, make user move around and pick them up).

12) TODO: User can only pick up discs if they are "in range" of them.

### Credits

[This Youtube playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCTVwBLCNozSGfxhCIiEH26tbJrQ2_Bw3) got me started. Without it, this project would have taken way longer.

Infinite thanks to [cabbibo](https://github.com/cabbibo) for their [ObjectControls project](https://github.com/cabbibo/ObjectControls), especially the [Drag and Drop](https://github.com/cabbibo/ObjectControls/blob/master/examples/drag.html) example. So useful.
